[theme music]
Thank you very much.
[laughs]
I'm pleased to have you join us
at the Neuroscience Center.
-Welcome, Chief Min.
-Goodness.
Yes. I'm greatly looking forward to it.
It's been only a few days,
but I can see you have a great system
and talented medical staff here.
I should be the one to thank you.
Professor Chae, I'm hope to work with you.
If you're free,
why don't we get something to eat.
-Let's go to the cafeteria.
-[all] Yes, sir.
[Gi-joon chuckles]
Don't be so formal.
You can relax.
[Jeon] Professor Min looks much better
in person than on TV.
He's on a lot of TV shows,
but he performs
all of his surgeries himself.
I want you to handle
Gong Hyeong-u's surgery.
He's not in critical condition,
but this surgery is tricky.
Reporters have their eyes trained on us,
so his surgery must go off
without a hitch.
And besides, we can use this
to get your name out there, hm?
But my surgery schedule
for next week is full.
I won't have time for it.
Please.
Oh, Min-sik, I heard
you have a third baby on the way.
Huh? How did you know that?
I heard you guys talking.
You should go home.
I'll handle your emergency calls.
I can certainly take
two or three calls a month.
-Thank you. It's a nice gesture.
-It's not just a gesture.
You're breaking my heart.
I appreciate it.
[all chuckle]
By the way,
how much longer are they going to film us?
[doctor]
Wow, being a TV director is so hard.
I know, their job is tough.
Excuse me, sir.
You can take your time.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll do everything you ask.
Just enjoy your meal.
Yes. Thank you.
[chuckles]
There you are, Dr. Yong.
We need to give Han Seung-hyeok
a lumbar drain.
Unless you've done it.
[sighs]
Who's that?
Han Seung-hyeok in Room 7104.
-Isn't that Professor Min's patient?
-Yes.
[sighs]
This is Park Jeong-su. I looked at
his CT angiography scan this morning.
We have him admitted because
of an unruptured cerebral aneurysm.
His surgery is scheduled next week.
[soft chuckle]
You look quite handsome
in the patient gown.
Dr. Min, is it true
the surgery isn't too difficult?
I have performed this surgery
hundreds of times.
You have nothing to worry about.
Where's the location of his aneurysm?
Oh, the right paraclinoid aneurysm
is on the cerebral artery.
-But its neck looked narrow.
-Hmm.
That won't be a problem.
It's a simple surgery.
-Do you have a girlfriend?
-[sighs]
Yes.
Oh… Oh, wait, I don't.
What? You think that'll upset me?
[scoffs]
Gosh, he's making me look
like a bad mother.
[all laugh]
-All right.
-Thank you for all your help, Doctor.
Sure.
Oh, hello there.
And how are we feeling today?
It doesn't matter.
-What? You're not going to do anything?
-[slurping]
-Is that so?
-They only ran a blood test
and gave him an IV drip.
And then they have
completely deserted him.
We haven't heard anything
about his surgery date.
No one gave us an update.
Ah, are you people
just waiting for him to die?
But, please, accept my apologies.
I believe my resident missed it,
as this day has been hectic.
I will apologize on his behalf.
-I am very sorry for this.
-[woman] Huh!
[ominous music]
Who's in charge?
Should I just do it myself?
Han Seung-hyeok really needs
to get a lumbar drain done today.
You can't just do it yourself.
Don't forget you have to run everything
by Professor Min, first.
Remember last week, colossal disaster?
[sighs]
The least he could do is tell you
what he wanted done, right?
He doesn't even bother
giving us any orders.
He seems nice in front of patients,
but he doesn't care about them at all.
Seok-min, I moved up
Lee Myeong-gi's surgery.
Get his guardian's consent.
Okay.
[Song-hwa] It's not that urgent.
-Finish your ramyeon and take a breather.
-No, I'm done.
-[gulping]
-[chuckles]
You can take your time.
-[door slams open]
-You!
How can you be eating right now?
How can you stuff your face?
Why didn't you do a lumbar drain
for Han Seung-hyeok?
-Why didn't you do it?
-Doctor, please.
[huffs in anger]
Do you call yourself a doctor?
How can you call yourself a doctor?
What if his hydrocephalus gets worse
and we lose him?
Will you take responsibility?
Will you own up to it?
You didn't give me any orders
in the first place.
-What are you blaming me for?
-Have you lost your mind?
You think I'm here to hold your hand?
How dare you talk to me like that?
Hey.
You call yourself a chief resident?
You can't even make a judgment call.
You shouldn't be a chief resident.
Look at you.
You're pathetic.
[Gi-Joon] Are you glaring at me?
Stop glaring.
I said stop, you idiot!
[indistinct chatter]
[Gi-Joon] Stop glaring at me!
[theme music]
-[sighs deeply]
-[clock ticking]
[inhales deeply]
Lastly, about the complications.
One percent of patients experience
altered consciousness,
convulsion, dyskinesia, and more.
Sequelae are infectious diseases,
encephalitis, meningitis,
and brain abscess.
Any more questions?
[sighs]
[comical music]
I doubt you have any.
[grunts]
[clicks tongue]
Lastly, due to the lack
of oxygen in the organs,
one percent of patients suffer
from organ failure, brain damage,
-and--
-[man] Hold on. "Brain damage"?
How come you have no idea
that Mother's condition was this bad?
[stuttering]
Doctor, are you saying
my Mom's surgery doesn't look good?
No, sir, but this could happen, okay?
I'm here to inform you
of all the possibilities.
Her heart muscles may be damaged
during the surgery.
-In severe cases, she may die.
-[man] Our Mother may die?
But, but she was just fine
a few minutes ago.
She might not.
I'm not saying that she will die.
-I'm saying that could happen, though.
-[woman] Oh, Mom, no.
What if Mom dies during the surgery?
I can't believe
that this is happening to her.
[both sobbing]
I wouldn't want to go on living.
I'm going to miss her so much!
[woman wails]
-[screaming, crying]
-[man sobbing]
No. Mom!
[crying]
-I'm not ready to lose our poor mother.
-[both crying]
Hang on. Um, excuse me.
Your mom, she… Your mom is still alive.
-Oh, Mom!
-[both sobbing]
-[both wailing]
-[sighs deeply]
NURSES' OFFICE
Hey, did you just get here?
Are you on the night shift again?
-No, I'm not.
-Are you about to head home?
I have the morning shift.
Then what are you doing here at seven?
Because that's the time my shifts start.
-It's evening.
-It's morning already.
What?
[chuckles]
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[tires screech]
[bright music]
[siren blaring]
-[machine beeping]
-[approaching footsteps]
[Jeong-won pants]
What's the patient status?
He had a stomachache and was constipated,
so I performed an enema,
but he's fine now.
Sorry, you had to come in.
My intern got scared,
so she called you immediately.
Sorry about that, Doctor.
No, that's okay.
You must have been scared
when that happened.
-Were you going crazy earlier?
-Yes.
This happens to kids often,
so you don't need to worry too much.
A lot of kids around Jeong-hu's age
get rushed to the ER
because of constipation.
-Is he your first born?
-Ah, yes…
For their first child,
moms get easily scared
and rushed to the ER.
But for moms with second or third children
when you see them, they are like experts.
They come here, ask for the meds,
chat a little, and then leave.
[woman chuckles]
Really?
Oh, to tell you the truth, I was so scared
that something terrible had happened
to my son.
Oh, my gosh, I still have
a long way to go as a mother.
Well, even experienced mothers get scared
for their children.
It's only natural to feel afraid.
Don't beat yourself up.
[inhales deeply]
Look at him, he's sleeping so deeply now.
We should let him rest.
Do you want some coffee?
[woman chuckles]
-Yeah. Sounds great.
-Let's go.
[Jun-hui] Is the cafe open?
[quirky music]
[humming]
[humming continues]
[U-ju's nanny] Professor Lee, I'm sorry,
I didn't notice that the date
for my returning flight is next week,
not this week.
[sighs]
Ah, I hope that's okay.
And thanks again for paying for my ticket.
But what about U-ju?
Who will watch U-ju while I'm gone?
Don't worry about it.
My parents are coming this afternoon.
Ah, they will watch him for me.
You have nothing to worry about, okay?
Everything is okay here.
Enjoy sightseeing with your daughter.
[laughs]
You know, China is a big country.
Uh, U-ju, that's spicy.
It's really spicy.
[Ik-jun] Enough of that soup.
Eat your food.
Okay. Bye.
[Song-hwa] Hi, Mom.
-Why would I go there with Professor Jang?
-[car lock beeps]
Gosh. I can't go there for a reason.
I broke things off with him.
[sighs]
I broke up with Professor Jang.
[Son-hwa's mother] What? How come?
He cheated on me.
No. He cheated on…
[groans]
That jerk, Professor Jang, cheated on me.
Last week, when I was tired after surgery,
he came to my office himself
and confessed everything.
He said he was seeing someone else.
My gosh. I'm not in my 20s, anymore.
Of course, I'm fine.
I'm really busy these days.
It's better this way.
I can live without him.
Or I can get a new boyfriend.
Hey, Mom, I'm going into surgery now.
Goodbye.
-[phone beeps]
-[gasps]
Dude, you startled me.
[comical music]
[Ik-jun pants]
Are you trying to look funny?
I was going for a sexy.
Just keep your distance.
It's embarrassing to be seen with you.
Professor Jang cheated on you?
Did you hear that?
If I didn't, I should go to an ENT doctor.
Hey, by the way, wait.
Your vocalization is really nice.
You have perfect pitch.
I know.
I'm the band's vocalist for a reason.
[clicks tongue]
Tone deaf.
[light music]
Good morning, I'll have
a cold cup of iced Americano, please.
Iced Americano is already cold.
-They mean the same thing.
-Yes, they do. So you just pick one.
You pay for this. See you.
Gosh, what an asshole.
Uh, I'm sorry about that.
A cold cup of iced Americano for me,
and please include
that asshole's chocolate milk.
And I'll get, uh, scone.
That's it. Thanks.
[patient] I came to the hospital,
so I could live.
-Do you think I want to die?
-[sighs]
You know what? When someone is in pain,
you should give them painkillers,
or check if everything's okay
with the surgical wound.
I see you coming by here
only once or twice a day.
Is that the best you can do?
Excuse me, ma'am.
When you screaming like this,
you're making other patients
uncomfortable, okay?
-I'm in pain! I said I'm in severe pain!
-[sighs]
If a patient is in so much pain,
shouldn't you do something about it?
[patient] Oh, Dr. Chae.
I told them they need to dress the wound
three times a day.
Dressing it twice won't disinfect, right?
I'll tell them to take better care of you.
Please don't be upset.
I'll try my best not to be upset any more.
It would've been great if you'd done
a better job from the start.
Do you have urination problems?
No. It's all good.
-I peeing just the right amount, Doctor.
-Okay, that's good.
[Seok-min sighs]
Discharge the patient.
Pardon?
Didn't you hear her voice just now?
She's full of energy.
She's all better now. Let's discharge her.
[soft chuckle]
Okay.
[Jun-wan] What happened?
The patient's INR is off the charts!
-I, uh… I'm sorry, Doctor.
-[Jun-wan] That's it? Sorry?
Didn't I tell you to check
and give him two FFPs
if his INR went over two?
I even told you the number of FFPs
because you can't do that yourself.
You should've followed my order.
Excuse me, Doctor.
I came here because my heart is not well.
But my heart is about
to explode from all this tension.
I'm sorry, sir.
Do your job, please.
[sighs deeply]
Uh, Doctor, are you all right?
Yes.
Is there anything else I can get for you?
No. I feel much better.
I'm sorry. It's my fault he's mad.
No, don't worry.
I got scolded because I messed up.
What?
Hey, I'll come back after my meal.
[awkward chuckle]
-Is Dr. Yong here?
-[Seok-min] I'm here.
What brings you
all the way to Neurosurgery, Jae-hak?
Hey, guys. Say hello to the chief resident
-for CS Dr. Do Jae-hak.
-[both] Hello, Doctor.
-Are these the med students?
-Yes.
[sighs]
Guys, sit down.
-Okay.
Our department has these med students
for the whole week.
He looks pretty old, doesn't he?
He started college before some professors.
No, I didn't.
I took the CSAT four times
and the bar exam six times.
I memorized it. Do you wanna go eat?
What? Eat? What's that again?
I had to attend the conference
for Gong Hyeong-u's surgery.
Ah, the good Samaritan, Gong Hyeong-u.
The homeless man in the subway.
He saved the pregnant lady,
and now he's a hero.
That's right. I don't get why Chief Min
is leading this surgery.
Huh. This patient needs
transphenoidal surgery.
Dr. Chae is the specialist for it.
How could he steal that?
An endoscope is inserted into the nose.
I mean, I gathered all of his data
on the case, too.
It will be perfect
if I do this case with Dr. Chae.
Oh, man. Are you not eating?
I already told you
I have to attend the conference.
Dr. Heo Seon-bin. Dr. Ahn Chi-hong.
They are third-year residents.
-[both] Nice to meet you.
-[Chi-hong] Hey. Hello.
I've got a question for you.
Are you two a thing, too?
-No, we are not.
-Hey. We are not a thing, either.
Why are you always together then?
Captain Ahn is older than you.
It's fascinating.
He's from the military academy.
We're just friends.
-We went to the same medical school.
-But your genders…
-Oh, he's so old-fashioned.
-Oh, you sound like an oldie.
[chuckles]
Oh, is that right? Oh, whatever you say.
What am I going to do with this surgery?
Dr. Heo, take the med students with you.
And Dr. Ahn, will you come with me
to the conference.
Okay.
Um… as you can see,
it's a large pituitary tumor.
I don't think I can remove the tumor
completely through the TSA.
So I'll take the pterional approach
to reach the mass exemplary.
Well, if you do that,
that will result in a lot of bleeding.
Isn't that gonna cause a brain injury?
It's an unusually big tumor.
It's expanded into the suprasellar region.
It would be better
if I take the pterional approach.
I still believe the TSA is a better.
He's going to need
radiation therapies later,
but he has diabetes
and his wounds will heal slowly.
-Performing a craniotomy is too much.
-We must remove the tumor completely.
The first thing the press will ask us
are details about the surgery.
If some of the tumor remains
and he might undergo radiation therapy,
what do you think
those reporters will write?
It will ruin the hospital's reputation.
Saving the patient and removing the tumor
is the utmost importance.
If you do that,
his optic nerves or his pituitary stalk
might be greatly damaged.
You know what, I don't think you guys
have much experience with this surgery.
I've done this surgery hundreds of times.
I agree the quality of his life
is important,
but seeing the tumor myself
and removing it completely
will be much better for him.
I've had a low rate
regarding sequelae on my patients had.
Their recoveries weren't that bad.
It's got to be more than
a low chance of suffering from sequelae.
Even if our reputation gets ruined
for a while,
the patient's quality of life in this case
must be prioritized.
[sighs deeply]
[Seon-bin] Wait here.
I have to go to the bank quickly.
Hey, Old-timer.
Share your wisdom with the med students.
Since you lived twice as longer
as they have.
Who were you calling "Old-timer"?
I'm still in my 30s.
But you turn 40 next year.
[chuckles]
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[chuckles]
All right. First off, what are your names?
My name is Jang Hong-do.
Oh, my bet you were good
at ssireum at your school.
What's your hobby? Calligraphy?
Uh, no, I'm a guitarist.
I'm in a band at my church.
Not a traditional instrument?
[laughing]
I'm sorry.
So, what's your name?
[chuckles]
I'm Yun-bok, Doctor.
You're not kidding, are you?
[Seok-min]
Did you informed Dr. Chae, right away?
[Chi-hong] Her phone was off,
so I left a text.
All right. She's doing a lecture today.
She will respond soon.
-Does she give lectures?
-Yes.
And she also teaches
and does a lot of surgery.
And she checks
residents' papers thoroughly.
And she attends symposiums.
And she goes hiking and camping
on weekends.
But she still manages to come
to work at 7 a.m. She's never late.
-Is that even possible?
-[exhales]
-That's why her nickname is Ghost.
-[cell phone beeps]
I thought of it.
She's in the lobby.
She's gonna be coming with Ms. Hwang.
Ah. See? I told you.
[inhales deeply]
The reason she can do all those things
is because she's a ghost.
-Let's go in.
-[Chi-hong chuckles]
You're known as the Ghost.
And yet, your shoes are worn out.
-I'm the Ghost?
-Yes, that's your nickname for you.
-Why?
-Because you can't be human.
It's post-op day seven for Kim Ju-chan.
His wound is clean.
We can take his stitches out.
By the way, your birthday is next week.
I'm gonna get you a new pair of shoes.
This pair can last me ten more years.
It's about ten years
when I first saw them.
You got them when you were a resident.
You should dump those shoes.
Tell me, who was it?
Who nicknamed me?
-Yong Seok-min did.
-Got it.
[slurping]
Ahh…
[sniffs, chuckles]
The two of you
still have a long way to go,
but trust me you must choose GS
when you become residents.
"GS"?
Don't say, "GS the convenience store?"
It's not home-shopping network either.
Ah, you mean, general surgery? Am I right?
That's right.
I know there aren't a lot of residents
for other fields too.
Hm. But the number of GS residents
in Korea, is even more limited.
You wanna know something?
That's why I've noticed the shift
in the dynamics.
[quirky music]
[Jae-hak] Listen up,
Jang-hwa and Hong-ryeon.
[Yun-bok] Actually, our names
are Hong-do and Yun-bok.
[Jae-hak] Okay. Hong-do and Yun-bok.
Listen carefully.
In our hospital for example,
13 general surgeons are on our staff.
But there is only one resident.
You know what I mean?
Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul, what are you doing?
[Jae-hak] It's as if there are 13 dads
and she happens to be their only daughter.
So who do you think always gets their way?
Turns out, general surgery isn't so bad.
Dr. Jang, why did you come so early?
I told you to take a day off.
She prepared the materials
for a colorectal surgery meeting.
Don't talk to her. She's busy.
Get out of here.
[mouthing]
Go away.
[scoffs]
[beeping]
[sighs]
My goodness. Dr. Jang, have you eaten?
Yeah. I had cup noodles here earlier.
Cup noodles?
[inhales deeply]
That's not real food. You'll get sick.
Let's go. I'll buy you a meal. Come on.
If you collapse, General Surgery
will collapse too. Come on.
-No, I'm fine.
-That's good.
I see, you're reading
Lee Yong-chan's chart.
This patient will get
a liver transplant in the morning.
Liver transplant.
And I'm leading the surgery.
Do you want to join me, tomorrow?
-[clicks]
-He's an HCC patient.
Dr. Jang, I was just doing my rounds.
Would you like to come with me?
No, she can't.
She's busy right now, sorry.
[sighs, mumbles]
[sighs]
You'll help me tomorrow, right?
l can't turn my head
I did surgery alone yesterday.
I can do it if it's in the morning.
You will?
Really?
[chuckles]
Oh, there you are. Hello, Dr. Jang.
Oh, are you free to help me
with my breast cancer surgery
tomorrow morning?
[quirky music]
Sure, I can assist you, Doctor.
Okay.
Hey, it's you.
You're Dr. Lee Ik-jun.
Hello, sir.
[groans]
You know something?
I remember you're a great dancer?
How could you be so good at that?
-Well…
-[both laugh]
I have to say I have never seen anyone
who's as good
at singing and dancing as you,
and who knows how to have
as fun much as you do.
-Thanks. I'm flattered, sir.
-[chuckles]
Anyway, I'll see you
at the next gathering, hm?
-Okay. Thanks.
-Have a good day.
[chuckles]
[sighs deeply]
Dr. Jang, I guess this means
you can't join me for surgery.
I'm sorry about that.
I'll disinfect everything tomorrow,
open the patient up
and close him up by myself.
But next time,
please…
♪ Pick me, pick me, pick me up ♪
♪ Pick me, pick me, pick me ♪
-For you.
-[cell phone ringing]
-♪ Pick me, pick me, pick me up ♪
-Yes?
Okay, I'll be right there.
-Where? Eat the sausage.
-It's the ER.
Should I call Jeong-won?
I heard he's not busy.
It was a personal call to me.
[cell phone ringing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hello, ma'am.
What? Okay. I'll be there.
Don't worry about it, you need to go.
I'll take care of it. Yeah.
[Seon-bin]
That's the Blood Collection Room,
CT Scan Room, X-Ray Room and MRI Room.
If you go straight,
there's the PET Scan Room.
You've heard of that before, right? PET.
PET? Plastic bottle?
Positron emission tomography?
What is that used for?
I've heard of it,
but I don't really know what it's for.
We just got into med school.
-You guys are soulmates, aren't you?
-[chuckles]
-Yes.
-Yep, that's what I thought.
-Hey, what's wrong with you?
-Ouch.
[Yun-bok] Excuse me, Dr. Heo, can we go
to the operating rooms?
[Seon-bin] Someday.
Hui-su, I saw your Instagram post.
You had a soufflé pancake yesterday.
-Was that any good?
-It was delicious.
I went to the cafe at three.
And I didn't have to wait.
You should go after work and try it, too.
If only I had free time.
Can you come with me, then?
Actually, I should treat you to a meal
since you're always looking
after my interns.
You always get me stuff.
Next time it's on me.
[indistinct chatter]
Dr. Jang, would you like
to have some cookies.
No, I'm not really a fan of sweets.
I see. Okay.
How old is the patient?
A seven-year-old, TA.
They said he was showing signs of stupor.
That's why I called the GS.
-I see.
-[telephone ringing]
Hello.
Okay. Thank you so much.
-[telephone clanks]
-They'll get here in 20 more minutes.
-Then, I'll come back after my meal.
-[Hui-su] Okay.
[playful music]
Guys, this isn't free, okay?
It's coming out of my paycheck.
-We had cup noodles just now.
-Thanks a lot for the meal.
Let's go.
You…
-[chuckles]
-[machine beeps]
Hello, sir, a lot of sausages, please.
-[Ik-jun] Are you a resident?
-Huh?
-Yes.
-Okay. Then, you'll have three sausages.
Actually, she told me
not to give out more than two,
but I gave you three
since you're a resident.
-Are you an intern?
-No, I'm a med student.
My gosh. You get five sausages.
Here.
There you go.
-You too?
-Yes.
[Ik-jun] Hm. Okay. Here. There you go.
What are you doing here?
You're a professor.
You get one sausage.
[breathes deeply]
[sighs deeply]
That way I can balance
out supply and demand.
I gave a lot of sausages
to the people in front of you.
The higher your position is,
the fewer you'll have.
Don't stand there. Keep moving.
[quirky music]
[inhales]
The cafeteria lady and I are best friends.
Her son suddenly ended up
at the police station.
I'm wearing gloves and a mask.
What's wrong?
Give me another one.
-[Seok-hyeong] Just one more.
-Get lost.
-[Ik-jun] Next.
-Hmm.
[clattering]
Are you kidding me?
Darn it.
[sighs deeply]
Fine.
[Ik-jun] Here.
This way I can balance supply and demand.
I gave a lot of sausages
to the people in front of you.
You should make a small sacrifice, sir.
-Next, please.
-[groans]
Hi there.
[chuckles]
[soft chuckle]
You know I care, right?
Thank you so much.
Wait.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
They prepare everything from breakfast,
lunch, dinner, late-night snack
-to packed meals during surgery.
-Even packed meals?
Yeah, they send the packed meals upstairs.
We can't come down to eat during surgery.
Um, when we finish eating here,
can we go to the operating rooms?
I don't know.
Okay.
[cell phone ringing]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[machines beeping]
[siren blaring]
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
[paramedic] A seven-year-old boy
from a traffic accident.
He was out with his mom.
He was trying to pick up a toy on the road
when a speeding truck crashed into him.
His BP is 60/40.
I think his pelvis
and chest bone are broken.
[Ju-hwan's mother] Ju-hwan.
[Ju-hwan's mother crying]
[Jun-hui] I see intraperitoneal bleeding
and thoracic injury.
From the X-ray,
he has a cervical spine injury
and a pelvic fracture.
[sighs]
What should we do?
[Gwang-hyeon]
What else? We try to save him.
Get a CT scan now.
He might also have a brain injury
so make sure to call Dr. Chae.
[Jun-hui] Okay.
Where's Dr. Ahn Jeong-won?
He was working outside today,
but he's almost here.
[sighs]
This will be a tough case
even with Jeong-won's help. Oh, man.
Uh, he's losing consciousness.
And we can't get his pulse,
and his breathing is already weak.
We only checked his ultrasound
and X-ray scan.
He has hemoperitoneum,
cervical spine injury,
and a pelvic fracture.
We'll know more once we take his brain CT.
What else? Uh, there's a high chance
that his brain might be swelling too.
We can operate, although even if we do,
he may not regain consciousness.
What are you doing? Get moving.
His guardian must be waiting.
Go talk to her now.
Uh, right away, Doctor.
[Seon-bin]
We have our conference rooms here.
When a patient needs surgery, the surgeon
doesn't make all the decisions.
All the professors
in the department have a meeting
to discuss the best approach
for the patient,
and they advise each other.
Let's see if this room is free.
[quirky music]
[sighs]
[soft chuckle]
They're cute.
To think, I used to be young like them.
I'm sorry.
We are being joined
by our precious med students.
Let's listen to why
they applied to med school.
Oh, what's wrong with him?
He's putting them on the spot.
Come on? You don't like that, either.
-Pardon?
-I'm sorry.
I wasn't talking to you.
[chuckles softly]
Both of my parents are doctors,
so I didn't have much a choice.
Hey, Seon-bin.
We don't wanna hear from you.
[both laugh]
Let's start with you, young lady.
Hmm. What made you decide
to study medicine?
Well…
my mother had major surgery ten years ago.
The doctor who treated my mom
inspired me so much,
that's why I decided to study medicine.
Really now, that's great. Next.
Well, let's see…
When my mother had major surgery,
this was ten years ago,
I was very moved
by her passionate doctor and--
[Min-sik] She already said that.
Your friend said that exact same thing.
-[doctor laughs]
-We're sorry for bothering you.
We'll get going now. Let's go. Come on.
-Goodbye.
[Seon-bin] Bye. Excuse us.
[Seon-bin] Let's go that way.
TELL THEM YOU'LL DO IT, PROFESSOR
-[cell phone ringing]
-[Hong-do] Thank you.
Yes. This is Chae Song-hwa speaking.
[slurps, clicks tongue]
-Admit it, I got perfect timing, right?
-[Song-hwa laughs]
Yes. Nicely done.
[chuckles]
Who is it? Come in.
-[Seok-min sighs]
-[slurps]
You should volunteer to do it.
[Song-hwa] Unbelievable.
Do you think doing surgery
is like booking a hotel room?
Changing the lead surgeon
isn't that simple.
Are you really just going
to watch the patient die?
Hey!
[sighs deeply]
Professor Min said he won't do
a craniotomy. He'll do the TSA.
What's the problem here?
He has only performed the TSA once
in his entire career.
And his fellow doctor
did most of the work
while he was just standing in the OR.
The tumor expanded
into the suprasellar region.
Doing the TSA is more dangerous.
I'm sure he's got it under control.
At his previous hospital,
his fellow doctor did the TSA for him.
But what about us?
We have you.
Why don't you go and assist him.
Come on, I can't do this procedure!
You startled me. Keep your voice down.
[sighs]
Professor Chae.
Are you just going to let Professor Min
operate on Gong Hyeong-u like that?
That's not right.
We can't do that to any patient.
You should talk to the hospital director.
Insist that you'll be the one to do it.
Isn't that in two days?
Tomorrow afternoon,
I have a skull base tumor surgery.
I won't done by then.
I don't have time to do it.
But maybe you can ask the anesthesiologist
to buy you some time.
And I can help
by setting everything up, please.
I don't know. Oh, my head hurts.
Jun-wan, do you have anything
for headaches?
You're a neurosurgeon.
Don't you have anything?
Let's go to my office.
-[Song-hwa sighs]
-Professor Chae. Please.
-Professor Chae.
-Hey, drop it already.
That's enough whining.
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
[breathes deeply]
[quirky music]
-What did I just say?
-You saw Professor Jang with his junior.
-You knew it, didn't you?
-It was a coincidence.
-Hey.
-Only for a day or two
before I admit it to you.
I was going to tell you.
You should've told me right away.
I can't assume anything
about relationships.
If you have seen seen something,
you should have told me how you saw it.
Your assumption wouldn't matter.
Hey, it's not that easy to do it.
If it were you, would you have told me?
Yes. I would tell you right away.
I would tell you your girlfriend
is cheating on you the second I saw it.
-What is it?
-Uh, it's time for your outpatients.
-I'm not seeing them today.
-I was talking to Professor Chae.
Oh, that's right.
We're not done.
I noticed Dr. Ahn Chi-hong from NS
waiting by the door.
-That's why I said that.
-That's all right.
Very good. This is the best thing
you've done this year.
[giggles]
[tires screech]
[suspenseful music]
It's likely his body
is in hemorrhagic shock.
So, what's going to happen now?
His pulse is very weak.
We believe he may have
a thoracic and brain injury.
We took him up for a CT.
But we're not sure if he will survive
after everything.
There's a slim chance we can save him.
There's no hope for him.
[dramatic music]
Doctor, I'm begging you,
please save Ju-hwan.
[sobbing]
If my baby boy die,
I can't go on living.
[Ju-hwan's mother crying]
Ma'am, did you perform CPR?
What?
Did you do chest compressions?
[whimpers]
No. I didn't.
Ah, he'd have a bigger chance
of surviving if you had done that.
-What?
-Excuse me, Dr. Jang.
-[Gyeo-ul] Yes?
-Can we talk, please.
[Ju-hwan's mother sobbing]
I'm Professor Ahn from Pediatric Surgery.
It's true your son condition isn't good,
but we will do everything
we can to save him.
-I'll talk to you once we get the CT scan.
-[whimpers]
Listen, ma'am, nothing is final yet.
[Ju-hwan's mother sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
Dr. Jang, how long
have you been a resident?
-For three years.
-Is that how you talk to guardians?
He could've lived if she did CPR?
How could you say that?
Did you think about how guilty
she would feel for the rest of her life?
And besides, how can you be certain
the boy has no hope or a slim chance?
I've observed him since he got here.
I only stated facts
after reading his chart
and observing his condition.
[sighs deeply]
Doctor, everything I told her is true.
He's got a slim chance of survival.
I only told her the truth
because I believed
she needed to know her son's condition.
[sighs deeply]
Telling her that
she should have performed CPR…
-It was my mistake. I'm so sorry.
-[approaching footsteps]
[Gwang-hyeon] What are you doing here?
Come out. Someone's gonna use this bed.
How's the kid? Did you call Song-hwa?
[sighs]
I don't need to.
What?
There's no brain damage from the CT scan.
We can save him if we focus
on stopping the bleeding.
-My god. That was a close one, right?
-[exhales deeply]
I need to treat a patient
with a stomachache.
And I'm taking Dr. Bae Jun-hui.
Dr. Jang, go and talk
to the guardian for me.
Wait, Dr. Jang.
Do you know why doctors only give vague
answers like "We can't be sure yet,"
"We don't know yet,"
and "We still need to observe a bit more"?
Doctors must take full responsibility.
So we must be careful with our words.
[Jeong-won sighs]
There's only one thing we doctors
can tell our patients with certainty.
And that is, "We will do our best."
That's the only thing we're sure of.
[bright music]
[Jeong-won sighs]
Well, go on then.
His mother will be happy to hear
the good news.
[Song-hwa] Got it, thank you so much.
Let's see, I looked
at this patient's chart this morning.
The patient got breast cancer surgery
at our hospital a month ago.
Uh, I do see a 3cm-metastatic tumor
in the parietal lobe.
From her record,
after the breast cancer surgery,
she also got treated for depression.
Was that why she didn't do chemotherapy?
[sucks teeth]
Bring her in. What's her name?
[Jae-shin] It's Ba-ram.
It's said here, her name is Ba-ram.
That's strange. I had a high school friend
with the exact same name.
We were quite close.
[chuckles]
I still remember her number.
Well, this patient is the same age as you.
-No way.
-Listen to this.
She has a unique last name.
-It's Gal.
-Yes.
So her attendance number was…
Oh, my gosh.
I knew it was you.
[chuckles]
You're famous.
You're even on the Internet.
Stop it. Why didn't you do chemotherapy?
If you had, you could've stopped it
from spreading.
It would've spread even if I did.
I will die in the end no matter what.
So, what's the point?
-Is my surgery difficult?
-Not really.
It's on the layer
that wraps around your head.
So it's not hard to reach.
You have nothing to worry about.
I'm not worried
since my doctor is you.
Do I need to get admitted today?
Well, we're not pressed for time
to do the surgery.
But it's still best to do it
as soon as possible.
I'm available this weekend.
Let's do it then.
You should get admitted today
and get all the tests done.
Thank you.
[soft chuckle]
You can thank me at our school reunion
after you get discharged.
You think I'll still be alive by then?
Hey.
[sighs]
Today was a really long day.
Professor. Hey, didn't you drive today?
Yes, I did.
But I'm out of energy to drive.
[stomach grumbles]
And I'm hungry, too.
[car horn honking]
[tires screech]
Hey, Dr. Chae, I'm hungry.
Let's get some kalguksu.
Sounds great.
Should I call the others?
-I'm here.
-God, you're so loud.
-I'm here. Get in the car.
-I'm right here!
-[Jeong-won] Hurry.
-[laughs]
[Jeong-won] Hurry up.
-Hey, pull up your seat, will you?
-[overlapping chatter]
[Seok-hyeong] What about your car?
-Come on, move forward, move up.
-[Ik-jun] Okay. Hold on.
[Seok-hyeong]
Hey, why do you have to stay here?
MAMA'S HOMEMADE KALGUKSU, 24 HOURS
[gentle music]
[utensils rattling]
You want a pain relief patch?
[Jun-wan]
You carry all sorts of stuff in there.
Excuse me, ma'am.
My mother really likes kalguksu.
Should I take some home for her?
-Jeong-won, give me your cup.
-Hm.
Do you know what your nickname is?
[scoffs]
What is it? Any chance they call me Angel?
-It's Buddha.
-Ah…
[laughs]
That makes no sense, right?
-His family has two priests and two nuns.
-I love Buddha, too.
-[cell phone trilling]
-[Ik-jun] My goodness.
Jeong-won is my ideal friend.
Gosh, if I had a sister,
I would definitely set you up with her.
-You do have a sister.
-Oh, right. I do.
Hey, Mom. Do you want me
to bring home some kalguksu?
Why are you asking her that?
Just buy some for her.
[Seok-hyeong] Kalguksu.
I'll go straight home after eating.
Is something bothering you?
-Hm? It's nothing.
-[liquid sloshing]
I bet it's because of Gong Hyeong-u.
The good Samaritan from the subway?
What about him?
I heard the new chief
will be performing the surgery.
What does she have to do with it?
[inhales]
I found out Professor Min doesn't have
much experience with the TSA.
And given the location
of the tumor and sequelae,
the TSA is a much better choice
than a craniotomy.
[clicks tongue]
Since he was originally my patient,
I'm thinking of telling him
that I'll handle the surgery.
[sucks teeth]
But that might be a bit awkward.
He's Professor Min's patient now.
Mom wants to talk to you.
Hello, Mother. It's Ik-jun, your stepson,
who's cheerful and bubbly
unlike your biological son.
-[Ik-jun] Yeah.
-You think?
[groans]
My gosh.
-How am I going to tell him?
-[Ik-jun] Oh, yeah.
I would just tell him.
-Of course, that what you would do.
-[Ik-jun] Yes.
If that's a better option
for the patient, I ought to.
"I can perform that surgery
better than you.
And it's better for the patient."
-That's exactly what I'll tell him.
-[inhales deeply]
I couldn't do that. Every doctor
has their own methods and processes.
It's disrespectful.
Oh, no, it's not.
We must stick to the facts.
If you're so inclined to stick to facts,
why didn't you tell me the fact
that my ex was cheating on me?
-Excuse me. Here you go.
-[Jeong-won] Okay.
[owner] Enjoy your meal.
-[Jeong-won] Thank you.
-[Ik-jun] Okay.
Is that so? Okay.
Okay. Thank you.
Anyway, I'll get it checked out.
I know a few clinics.
Okay. Thanks for asking.
Take care now. Bye.
[cell phone beeps]
-Seok-hyeong.
-Hm?
I don't want your mom to know
about my prostate problems.
I told my mom that I noticed
that you've been going to the bathroom
more often these past few days
due to frequent urination
and urinary retention.
Hey, Professor Min's case
is different from your ex's.
He has no connection to us at all.
It's strictly work
whereas you're a couple.
-It's not like I didn't tell you what--
-I'm not saying that I expect you to…
I'm saying
you should've told me what you saw.
-Could you have done it?
-Yes, totally.
-You're lying.
-Hey.
[camera shutter clicks]
The kalguksu is ready.
Fight later. Let's eat first. Hm?
If let's say, I saw you girlfriend
and she was sweet with another guy,
no doubt, I'd call you right away.
-Come on, that's easier said than done.
-[sniffs]
I never liked Professor Jang
to begin with.
-Pass me the chili powder.
-Okay.
-[Song-hwa] Hmm.
-[spoon clatters]
Excuse me. Can we get another spoon
over here?
-[cell phone ringing]
-[slurping]
-[slurping continues]
Hey, U-ju. Daddy will be home soon.
Uh, what happened? Why are you still up?
U-ju is still awake?
Hey, so I heard you bought a big-ass TV.
I'll see you in your dream. Bye.
-[slurping continues]
-[phone beeps]
Seok-hyeong's TV is like his girlfriend.
But it's pretty expensive.
[slurping continues]
Hey, I wanna see it when we meet up
for our next band session.
Oh, that's right,
so when will you guys be free for that?
-[slurps]
-[Seok-hyeong] How about this weekend?
I have a surgery booked this weekend.
[owner] How many bowls of rice
would you like?
-Two?
-Just one.
-Two will be too much, right?
-Yes, I'm getting full.
-We'll just get one, please.
-[grunts]
Jeez!
We want five. Five bowls of rice, please.
-I knew Jeong-won would get angry.
-Hey, aren't you full, yet?
-Hey, what the--
-You two, didn't leave him that much.
And us too. We just started eating.
What gives, guys? Why were you eating
that fast? It's not like we're in a war.
Okay, fine.
Why are you getting so worked up?
Order five servings.
It's because you're so self-centered.
What a weird thing to say
in the middle of eating kalguksu.
-[cell phone rings]
-Why don't you try eating faster too?
Why don't you try to slow down a little
for everyone else?
-[Jun-wan groans]
-Hi, Mom.
Oh, fresh kimchi?
Excuse me.
I'd like some fresh kimchi to go.
Why must I control my pace
when I'm paying for my food?
But you're not.
The hospital's paying for this.
And it's my dad's hospital.
So strictly speaking, it is my money.
Jeez, you're acting like a prick.
Fine. I'll pay for everything
we've ordered.
-How much do I owe you?
-Pay me!
-[overlapping shouting]
-Stop it, guys. Enough!
[Ik-jun] Gosh, seriously.
You guys are acting like
you're around U-ju's age.
You're 40. Must you fight over fried rice?
Hey, you have no idea what they did.
When we had cheonggukjang last time,
I ended up only eating tofu.
Because these two punks ate all the beef.
Okay, I heard you.
Jeez, the things this prick remembers.
[owner sighs]
So how many bowls of rice do you want?
-Five, please!
-Just two!
Three and a half bowls, please.
[quirky music]
[Jun-wan sighs]
[cell phone beeps]
DID I REALLY HURT YOUR FEELINGS?
[sighs deeply]
NO, I UNDERSTAND.
I WAS JUST MESSING WITH YOU.
OKAY.
[phone chimes]
[dial tone trilling]
-[Seok-min] Hello, Professor.
-Well, haven't you given up yet?
Of course not. How could I?
I'm doing this for the patient's sake.
Please, Professor, I'm begging you
for the last time.
Please perform the surgery.
I told you, I can't.
That oversteps boundaries.
[sighs]
Unless the patient
requests me, specifically.
[Seok-min sighs]
That's it!
Anyway, it's already late.
So don't bother pushing for that tonight.
You can discuss it
with the patient tomorrow morning.
Explain the situation well.
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] Hi. How are you feeling?
[Ba-ram] Well, you know how it is.
-[Song-hwa] Where's your husband?
-It's fine my caregiver is here.
If he were here, he'd just
get on my nerves, so this is better.
I get that, but we still need him
to sign the consent for your surgery.
-Did you e-mail him?
-Yeah, I sent him a message.
I know, he read it
but he hasn't replied yet.
Who cares about a reply?
He should come here right away.
It takes him two days
just to get out of there.
He's in Indonesia.
[soft groan]
What was it called?
I can never remember the name.
He's probably busy cutting down the trees.
Was he around
for your breast cancer surgery?
Actually, he has no idea.
-Hey.
-Nothing changes even if he knows.
I can't worry about him
on top of everything else.
[sighs deeply]
I'll going to suffer and die all alone.
What are you talking about?
And why are the curtains closes?
Don't you feel stuffy?
I want them that way,
because this ward
is full of nosy elderly ladies.
Like breast cancer fascinates them.
I think they want to know
whether one of my breasts is fake or not.
All of them keep looking at me.
-[approaching footsteps]
-That's why I closed the curtains.
Have some rice cake.
No, thank you.
Oh, are you on a restricted diet
or something?
No, I don't want to eat.
My gosh, I didn't see you there, doctor.
Doctor, please try some
of these rice cake.
Sure, I'll try one. Thanks.
[chuckles]
By the way, you're urinating
without any problems, right?
[patient] Yes, of course.
Honestly, I'm doing great these days.
It's all because you've taken
such good care of me
from the very beginning.
-I'm totally fine now.
-Ooh.
If you remember, my head used to turn
to one side for no reason,
and my lips used to twitch.
I couldn't control it,
as if someone was trying to pull them.
-[grunting]
-[Song-hwa] Right.
-Right.
-Just like that.
-I see.
-It was so annoying.
Nevertheless, you should still
take it easy and make sure you eat well.
-I will.
-I'll see you.
[patient chuckles]
[Song-hwa] Chi-hong.
Go get ready for the surgery.
I'll take care of the positioning.
Just set up the Wilson frame.
-And call me when everything's ready.
-[Chi-hong] Will do.
[patient grunts]
-Are you all right?
-Uh, thank you for your help, Doctor.
[Seok-min groans]
Unbelievable.
You don't understand
what I'm trying to tell you.
Your tumor is located behind your nose,
near the center of the brain,
which isn't an ideal place at all.
It'd be dangerous to open the skull
to get to the cranial base,
so we'll gonna do something
called the TSA,
where an endoscope is inserted
in the nose to remove the tumor,
but Professor Min Gi-joon
doesn't specialize
in that kind of surgery.
Dr. Min told me that the procedure
he'll be doing won't be that dangerous.
-He also told me to trust him.
-[sighs]
I hear you but I really like Dr. Min.
I want to stick with him.
It's your life that's on the line, sir.
I mean I would never suggest you do
something that is bad for you.
I've explained it to you
multiple times, sir.
The problem here is you just don't get it.
[Seok-min] Please just do
what I tell you to, okay?
You don't know anything
so just follow my advice.
Your guardian doesn't get it either.
To think, I've already put it
in layman's terms for you.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hmm?
-[Chi-hong] Professor, we're ready.
Okay. Thanks.
MIN GI-JUN
PROFESSOR OF NEUROSURGERY
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
Shouldn't you be performing
occipital lobe surgery, right now?
Yes, I'm heading to the OR.
Oh.
[chuckles]
You'll probably be done tomorrow morning.
So what brings you here?
You see, sir,
about the patient Gong Hyeong-u…
Jeez, I know what those punks--
I'll like to assist in the procedure.
I still don't feel very confident
with the TSA surgery.
Now that the opportunity has presented it,
so I'd love to learn from you.
[comical music]
[scoffs]
[cell phone ringing]
Thank you, Doctor. Bye.
Hey, I'm on my way now.
[Seon-bin]
It's a good thing Professor Chae
got the patient's permission,
-so make sure you thank her later.
-Okay.
The surgery we're doing
is for a skull base tumor,
so the whole operation
will take about 10 to 13 hours.
You can observe the beginning
and then just go home.
-It can take up to 13 hours?
-Most neurosurgery procedures are long.
The skull base surgery is especially long.
It takes an hour
just to position the patient.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
[Song-hwa] The earliest I'll be done
is 6 a.m.
Call Anesthesiology and ask them
to push Gong back by an hour.
You can go in first and drape the patient.
-And call the ENT professor.
-[Seok-min] Professor, I love you!
[tense music]
[machine beeping]
They're still positioning the patient.
Let's wait for a few minutes. Follow me.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
Yun-bok, why did you decide
to go to med school?
You got good grades like I did?
-Thank you for the food.
Like I said, my mom
had surgery ten years ago,
and it was her doctor
who inspired me to study medicine.
What? Seriously?
Yes, my mom became very ill
when I was in seventh grade.
Her surgery took over ten hours.
She was in the ICU
for a week after the surgery.
She never woke up. She passed away.
-Gosh, I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
Hm, looking back, I think her doctors,
an intern or a resident,
I'm not really sure though.
Back then, I thought everyone
wearing a white coat was a doctor.
I remember the doctor cried so hard
that day.
She apologized
for not being able to save my mom.
I was in seventh grade, but even then,
I knew that
my mom's condition was serious.
The doctors in the ICU
worked so hard to save her.
They did everything they could
to save my mom.
I was actually
pretty calm about it at first.
I was doing okay until an old doctor came,
and she was the one who told me
that my mom has passed away.
[Hong-do sobs]
But as soon as that doctor saw,
she started crying so hard,
and she apologized.
[Hong-do sobs]
"Your mom will watch over you from heaven
so become a wonderful woman."
The doctor promised she'd also
work hard to be a better doctor.
Saying all that in tears
to a seventh-grader.
That's when it really hit us.
It affected both Hong-do and I.
-Ah…
-[Hong-do sobbing]
"We don't have a mom anymore.
Everyone else has a mom,
except for us, because she's gone."
And then I cried my eyes out.
[stammers]
What do you mean, you and Hong-do?
[Hong-do sobbing]
Well, Hong-do and I,
the truth is that we are twins.
-[gasps]
-[Hong-do sobbing]
Hey, stop crying.
He still cries his eyes out
whenever we talk about Mom.
You should've told me.
Why didn't you tell me?
It's fun to keep it a secret.
All our teachers and friends
used to bug us about it all the time.
It's started to become a pain.
So we've decided to have some fun.
Please don't tell anyone about it.
I'm sorry.
[sniffles]
We're so sorry.
I won't tell anyone for now.
Hey, Yun-bok,
do you know the doctor's name?
I think the doctor would like it
if you contacted her.
You can also show
that you're a doctor now.
-I don't really know her name.
-Or her face?
Hm, I barely remember what she looks like.
The only thing we remember
were the shoes she was wearing.
Her shoes?
Yes, our eyes were glued to the floor
because we kept crying.
I think she was wearing
a new pair of shoes that day,
because the size stickers were still on.
She had forgotten to peel them off.
Two twenty-five was the size of her shoe.
That's all I remember.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Finding her will be hard then.
Hey. Yes, okay.
-Let's go. They're starting now.
-Okay.
Let's go.
[Song-hwa] The adhesion is pretty bad,
so it'll take some time for us
to separate the tumor.
I know, we will all do our best.
[suspenseful music]
-[Song-hwa] What are the vitals?
-[nurse] The BP is 120.
The heart rate is stable,
hovering between 70 and 80.
Good.
[Song-hwa sighs]
[machine beeping]
[Chi-hong]
Professor, the med students are here.
[Song-hwa] Okay, tell them to come closer.
[Chi-hong]
You're allowed to come closer.
-[Seon-bin] Thank you, Doctor.
-[both] Thank you, Doctor.
[nurse] Please make sure
you stay out of this line.
And be careful
not to bump into the equipment.
[Hong-do and Yun-bok] Okay.
[Song-hwa] Guys, observe carefully.
And don't hesitate to ask me
if you have any questions.
[Hong-do and Yun-bok] Yes.
[Song-hwa] This way, more of them
will apply to Neurosurgery.
[Song-hwa giggles]
-It's for a skull base tumor, right?
-[Gang-nam] Yes.
[Seon-bin] How long will it take?
[Gang-nam] Now, that you've mention it.
Since our ace Professor Chae
is doing the surgery,
I think it'll take about 13 hours.
-Ooh… That's very fast.
-[both laugh]
SURGERY DURATION
[Ik-jun] Hello, everyone. Hi, there.
I thought I'd be doing this alone again,
but a fellow is here to help.
Oh, this reminds me
that place in the south.
Oh, what's that word?
Right, "honor."
I'm honored by your presence.
[Ik-jun and nurse chuckle]
Seriously, thank you.
You really are the best, Dr. Jong.
[grunts]
Please, treat yourself
to some expensive pastries
-when we're done, all right?
-[all laugh]
[Ik-jun] Okay, team.
Let's save another precious life today.
[nurses] Okay.
[Ik-jun] Let's get started. Scalpel.
-[metal clanks]
-[machine beeps]
PROFESSOR KIM JUN-WAN
Mr. No Jin-hyeok!
No Jin-hyeok?
He had surgery in 2015.
What? Why is he back?
Didn't he get the ASD surgery from me
four years ago?
Yes, the doctor you treated
at Kangwoon University Medical Center.
He looks like a different person
in a suit.
What's going on? I'm worried.
Anyway, let him in.
[comical music]
CREDIT CARD APPLICATION
Please, Doctor.
You were the one who fixed
the hole in my heart.
Please help me out…
for the last time, I promise.
KIM JUN-WAN
Thank you so much!
Thank you.
-[machine beeping]
-[tense music]
[nurse] I hope all goes well.
[woman] Doctor, I just want to be able
to buy clothes for my baby in advance.
Why can't you tell me?
Will my baby be BTS
or maybe she's going to be Blackpink?
It's Sharp.
Pardon? Who's that?
I think it'll be Sharp.
But Sharp? Wait, who's that?
Oh, right, you don't know Sharp.
Hm…
ZAM?
Let's say Akdong Musician, AKMU.
Yes, that's it.
Ah… Okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[uplifting music]
[Jeong-won] Hey, you wanna pick
something up on the way?
What do you think?
[Jun-wan] Let's just order in.
It's a hassle.
SURGERY DURATION
[uplifting music continues]
-[Chi-hong] I hope all goes well.
-[Song-hwa] Hm. Thanks. Get some rest.
A cold cup of iced Americano, please.
I'd like a warm hot latte, please.
Pay for mine.
[Seok-hyeong] Dick.
SURGERY DURATION
[exhales deeply]
We're done.
It went well, didn't it?
[Seon-bin] Excellent work, Professor Chae.
[grunts]
Thank you too.
Wrap it up for me, please.
[chair whirs]
[Song-hwa] You guys are still here?
-[Hong-do] Yes.
-[Yun-bok] Yes.
-Wow.
-[Seon-bin] I told them several times
that they could go home.
I'm impressed they stayed.
-What's your name again?
-I'm Jang Yun-bok, Professor.
-My name is Jang Hong-do.
-[laughs]
-What's your relationship?
-We're twins.
-We're fraternal twins.
-[Song-hwa] I see.
-Could I ask you, Professor?
-Yes?
By any chance…
Do you go to Myeongjin Church
in Sanggye-dong?
[gasps]
I do.
You're the prima donna
of the choir, am I right?
-I'm known as the prima donna?
-Yes.
My brother and I are in the church band.
We have no idea. You're so famous.
What's she famous for?
[Hong-do] Everyone knows her
because dances so passionately
while singing hymns.
People say it's because
she's stressed out from work
-and that's why--
-Get going, guys. Go.
It's time to go home.
-[Seon-bin] Get some rest.
-Bye, guys.
-Take care, Doctor.
-Take care. Bye.
-[exhales deeply]
-[knocking]
[slurps]
Well done, Professor.
And I'm sorry. You have back-to-back
operation because of me.
I'm really sorry for that.
No worries. I still have some time.
We're getting ready for the surgery.
Professor Min said to call him
as soon as we are ready,
and then he'll come down to the OR.
I'll let you know once we start working
on the sphenoid sinus.
So there's really not rush, Doctor.
You should get some sleep first.
-Seok-min.
-Yes.
Before you go into the OR,
you should apologize to him.
Apologize to him first.
Oh.
Oh, okay, yeah.
I'll go upstairs right now,
and I'll make sure
to apologize Professor Min.
[Song-hwa] No, not Professor Min.
Go apologize to the patient,
or I won't let you into the OR.
[sighs]
Okay.
[soft music]
[soft music continues]
[breathes deeply]
[sighs deeply]
[Seok-min] I'm sorry.
I sincerely apologize.
[suspenseful music]
I hope the rest goes well.
[Seok-min]
Now that the tumor's been removed,
it looks like we managed
to preserve the pituitary stalk too.
[Song-hwa] Seok-min.
Could you come closer, please?
[Seok-min] Yes.
-Listen, Dr. Yong.
-[Seok-min] Yes, Professor Chae.
Do not talk like that.
Okay.
Wasn't this whole thing for your thesis?
Why did you talk
like it was for the patient?
[dramatic music]
If you talk to any patient
in that tone again,
I will not forgive you.
-Yes.
-Do you understand?
Yes, I understand. I'm sorry.
[machine beeping]
[Song-hwa sighs]
Why isn't Seok-hyeong answering his phone?
Song-hwa too.
Seok-hyeong is seeing his outpatients,
and Song-hwa has surgery.
Gosh, Chae Song-hwa. She's really amazing.
That's right. She's nothing like you two.
You're a punch of lazy-ass quacks.
Hey, how there you? I'm nothing like him.
Of course, you do.
That's why you can't trust rich people.
They lie to your face all the time.
But he's not rich. He's dirt poor.
I mean, he still lives at your place.
-You promised me an office.
-He's a prick.
-A prick.
-[Ik-jun] Totally.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
Hey, my office mate is a pro gamer.
Professor Ban plays FreeCell all day.
Actually, forget it.
Seok-hyeong…
Seok-hyeong still has the worst one.
Have you seen his office?
[sighs]
[quirky music]
[quirky music continues]
Come on, Professor Ban plays FreeCell
all day anyway.
He's practically invisible,
so it's like you have
the whole office to yourself.
-I can't believe people call him Buddha.
-And me?
Hey, you and I are like…
-The two of us is like soul mates.
-Soul mates, my ass.
-You lie through your teeth.
-[cell phone rings]
-Hey, what's up?
-Jerk.
[Jun-wan] What's the systolic pressure?
Norepinephrine?
Use vasopressin.
If you still can't get it back up,
just call me immediately.
Oh, you're lucky.
It feels good to have a resident.
You guys do too.
I do.
[munches]
Dr. Long Winter, in fact.
[chuckles]
When will I get to work
with the high and lofty Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul?
I guess that means you've never worked
with Dr. Jang, am I right?
Don't tell me you have?
Yeah, we both work
on some emergency cases.
-Not my cup of tea.
-Really?
She seems like the quiet type,
but she's hardworking.
[tense music]
What's wrong with the patient?
Well, he's a homeless man
found at a construction site,
and he got frostbite.
[sucks teeth]
He's got a rotting leg.
119 RESCUE SERVICES
[groaning]
[Jun-hui] I have to take your temperature.
Please be still.
[patient groans]
[Jun-hui] Help me.
[patient grunting]
[Hui-su] Stay still, please.
[patient groaning]
Of course, Dr. Jang is hardworking.
Every resident works hard.
Hey, Jeong-won.
Oh, hey, guy. Hello. Everyone's here.
What's going on?
Do you know Daddy-Long-Legs?
[sighs]
What?
-Not sure.
-Really?
They say he's famous at the hospital
you used to work at.
[scoffs]
Really?
So, what? Why do you wanna know?
Oh, I've got a friend
who's a TV show director,
-and he wants to interview the guy.
-No, thanks.
What? What do you mean?
Why you're saying no?
I mean, I'm sure he'll say no.
You just said
you don't know him, didn't you?
I meant I do know him.
Anyway, he won't do it. No way.
All right. Relax.
What?
Yes.
Really? Okay, I'll be right there.
Uh, wait, can you call Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul
as well just in case. Thanks.
What's going on?
That was Dr. Bae just now.
A homeless man just came in
with a leg severely damaged
from frostbite.
He stayed at a construction site
with that leg for months.
The leg is now rotting
due to edema caused by frostbite.
But the leg is totally…
[groans]
The legs totally what?
It's covered with maggots.
All right.
[Hui-su groans]
What do we do?
How do we take them off?
[groaning]
Good. You're here.
[Jun-hui] He got injured
at a construction site.
The skin's rotting due to frostbite.
It's infested with maggots.
[patient and Jun-hui groan]
I've never seen so many maggots
in my life.
We have to remove them first
to be able to disinfect the skin.
-Where's the suction unit?
-I'll go get it.
[patient groaning]
Hold on a sec, Dr. Bae,
we can actually use tweezers to…
[light music]
[patient groaning continues]
[chuckles]
She's really is something, huh?
[patient groaning]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-You're staying late?
-Yes.
I've got my high school friend's surgery
for her metastatic tumor tomorrow.
I want to read up on it.
Get going.
Good night.
-Take it easy.
-I will.
[door closes]
[Seok-min] Is the day shift
better than the night shift?
[Ji-wan]
I like the night shift more, I think.
Hey, Seok-min, do we have the consent
for Gal Ba-ram's surgery?
Is she the high school friend
your operating on?
-Yes.
-No, her husband hasn't arrived here yet.
The surgery's tomorrow. What do we do?
[sighs deeply]
-[somber music]
-[siren wails in distance]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
-Can I ask you something?
-Yes?
Are you that fascinated by me?
What?
Does the idea of a woman
with a fake breast
fascinate you that much?
[stuttering]
No, that's not it.
How could you say something like that?
[sighs]
Because you're always staring at me.
Am I a monkey in the zoo?
Is this fun for you?
[sighs]
It's because you're pretty.
[soft music]
I can't help but stare
because you're pretty.
But I only have one breast.
I'm not pretty at all.
You're still attractive.
Like a beautiful flower.
Who cares about only having one breast?
-You're beautiful because you're young.
-[patient 2] She's right.
As for old people like us, even if
we get surgery and walk out of here
feeling completely healthy,
we'll never look pretty ever again.
[patient 1] That's right.
Let me tell you, I wouldn't mind
losing both my breast
as long as I can turn back time
rewind it to 20 years ago
and look as young as you do.
You don't mean that.
[sniffs]
I'm also not young any more.
[patient 2] Yes, you are young.
If I were your age,
I'd divorce my husband right away.
Then I would travel all over the world
and do everything I wanted to do.
I'll be out there living my life
to the fullest.
[patient 2 laughs]
My goodness. Too bad.
I'm really way too old for that now.
My legs hurt,
and I can no longer see very well.
It's my head that's killing me.
[patients laugh]
[chuckles]
Oh, gosh, you look even prettier
when you smile.
It gives you natural beauty.
You radiate beauty,
so don't try to hide it.
[door clattering]
[sobbing]
-[soft music]
-[sobbing]
Honey…
[both sobbing]
Honey, honey…
[sobbing]
-Honey.
-[both whimper]
-[both sobbing]
Honey, what do I do?
What if I don't survive?
What do I do? I don't want to die, honey.
You won't die, you won't leave me.
I will not let that happen.
-[both sobbing]
-I'm sorry, honey. I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
[both crying]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[Ba-ran's husband cries]
[soft music continues]
[both sobbing]
Are you jealous?
-You should date.
-[Ba-ram's husband] I'm sorry, honey.
No, way. I like being single.
Now that her husband is here,
make sure you have him sign
the consent form.
-Okay.
-[gasps]
[whispers]
Later, not now. My goodness.
[cell phone beeps]
FUNERAL NOTICE
FOR THE DEATH OF JU JONG-SU'S WIFE
[Song-hwa]
We go to funerals fairly often these days.
[Jun-wan] I guess it means
that we're really at that age now.
Mr. Ju…
I mean, Director Ju.
He must be devastated.
-He had a happy marriage, right?
-Yes, a very happy one.
I heard he didn't leave his wife alone
even for a minute
for weeks before her death.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER FUNERAL HOME
[breathes deeply]
[Jong-su] All of you must be busy.
You must get back to work.
No, it's okay.
Have you got any sleep, sir?
He hasn't.
He's been greeting the guests all day.
I dragged him here.
Jong-su, you need to eat something.
[chuckles]
I'm fine. I can't really eat right now.
Please, let me know
if there's anything you need.
Are you not drinking?
No, we're all right, thanks.
Don't worry about us, sir.
You saw Jeong-won many times
when he was little.
You don't need to be so formal.
Exactly. Feel free to say what you want.
Gosh, I'm not used to doing that.
Our hospital stays afloat
thanks to these pristine doctors.
Maybe at the hospital,
but right now,
you are friend of the family,
and you shouldn't have to watch
what you say to us.
It'll make us more comfortable.
-Shall I then?
-Yes, please do.
So tell me, how did the five of you
end up becoming the best of friends?
Well, we meet at school.
We were all in different classes
but somehow ended up becoming friends.
-My gosh, how adorable.
-Adorable, my foot.
They're all still single because they want
their parents to worry about them.
-Actually, I'm divorced.
-And I'm married man.
[Rosa] Okay, I like you two.
[all chuckle]
You're also good-looking.
How did nothing happen between you guys?
Excuse me?
Hey. Why would you make them
uncomfortable?
Why would you disturb calm waters?
Oh, did I?
Oh, romance?
Has there been any?
[comical music]
I told Song-hwa I had feelings for her,
but I got rejected.
[all gasp]
[Rosa] Seriously?
-When?
-Yeah. When?
It was such a long time ago.
We don't remember.
On her birthday, freshman year.
I told her I had feelings for her,
but she rejected me.
-How did she reject you?
-She said she liked someone else.
[inhales deeply]
Jeez, that's such a cookie-cutter answer.
We hear that all the time.
"I like someone else." What a line.
-No, it's true. I really did.
-I was like that before too.
It's hard to say to the person's face
that you don't like them.
-Yeah. That's right.
-Totally.
-[Ik-jun] Right to his face.
-[Jun-wan] …that be too cruel.
[slurps]
[coughs]
Hey, I'm sorry.
No, I mean… Uh, never mind what I said.
What I'm trying to say is,
I still want to be friends with you.
I don't want things to get awkward
between us because of this.
[breathes deeply]
[gulps]
Come on. Will you please say something?
You're making me nervous.
Don't worry. I'm okay.
Song-hwa, I… I'm sorry
for bringing up such nonsense.
Oh, no. Look, it wasn't nonsense.
Anyway, can we just forget all about it.
It's my birthday today, right?
We should celebrate.
Let's cause some trouble today, huh?
Hey, let's go. Come on, get up. Come on.
Let's go.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
[flustered murmur]
[Ik-jun] Just for today, okay?
I'll make an exception for your birthday.
[Song-hwa] Yay!
[band plays]
♪ Is it because of the cold weather? ♪
♪ Why do couples with their arms locked ♪
♪ Make me teary-eyed? ♪
♪ Do they remind me
Of the good old days? ♪
♪ Do I want to meet someone new? ♪
♪ Or do I just miss my ex? ♪
♪ If you know someone nice
Set me up with them ♪
♪ Someone who's like water and fire ♪
♪ Someone who will truly love me only me ♪
♪ I want someone
Who's mature and faithful ♪
♪ If you know someone nice
Set me up with them♪
♪ Even love requires practice ♪
♪ I want someone caring
Who notices even small details ♪
♪ Someone with a lot
Of relationship experience ♪
♪ I have wounds and scars ♪
♪ So I don't feel comfortable dating
Someone with no past whatsoever ♪
♪ I want to be consoled in the arms ♪
♪ Of someone with pretty eyes
Who has cried ♪
♪ Because of a breakup at least once ♪
♪ If only I could lean on the shoulder ♪
♪ Of someone with beautiful hands ♪
♪ And forget my loneliness ♪
[humming]
♪ Someone with beautiful hands ♪
♪ And forget my loneliness ♪
MOM
[Song-hwa] Hi, Mom.
[Song-hwa's mother]
Sweetheart, happy birthday.
I'll say thank you
for bringing me into this world.
[Song-hwa's mother] Had I known
it'd be this lovely to have a daughter,
-I would've had another one.
-[laughs]
It's not too late, mind you.
I wouldn't mind
a sibling who's 40 years is my junior.
-Now, your dad's running away.
-[both laugh]
Come back here. Talk to your daughter.
Mom, I'm driving now.
I'll call you when I get to the hospital.
All right.
[Song-hwa humming]
♪ I want someone who… ♪
["Introduce Me A Good Person" music]
PROF. CHAE SONG-HWA
2 WEEKS AGO
JANG SI-KYUNG
KIM JI-HAN
[sighs]
-Let's talk outside.
-Let's just talk here.
Believe me. It happened only once.
Whether it was just that day or not,
I really couldn't care less.
Just tell Song-hwa.
She deserved the truth.
Whether it's just a fling
or a serious affair,
she needs to know the truth about this.
Am I right?
Don't make a fool of her. Call her now.
Okay, I'll sort it out myself.
-Should I be the one to tell her?
-I said I'll do it.
You're going overboard.
[scoffs]
This is between me and Song-hwa.
Who do you think you are
to tell me what to do?
Do you have feelings for her?
[scoffs]
I know that the two of you
are best friends,
but this is too much.
-I bet you have no friends.
-I do, of course I have friends.
-But you're a guy, and Song-hwa is a girl.
-Yeah, so what?
You're so old-fashioned.
Seriously, Song-hwa is too good for you.
[sighs]
[door opens]
[door closes]
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
[radio host] Listen up.
What if you can do all the things
you wanted to do for a whole day?
-How about we try to live today like that?
-[laughs]
May is actually the perfect month
for that.
[Min-ha]
Dr. Jang, who's that? Your boyfriend?
-But his picture makes you that happy?
-Yes, it actually does.
[Ik-jun] Hey, why do you like him
so much anyway?
[Eun-won] He's not authoritative,
and he always make sure
he does his work well.
I really like him.
[Jun-wan] Please, don't cry.
You've been holding up so well, you know.
[Ho-jun]
Wow, I didn't think you'd be like this,
but he's actually very charming.
Did you guys know?
-What?
Professor Yang,
why didn't you ever tell us?
What?
Professor Lee,
why didn't you answer my phone call?
-Can you go check on Ik-jun.
-Why?
[Jun-wan] I think something's up with him,
but he won't tell me.
[Ik-jun] Hey, Jeong-won. What is this?
[Min-ha sighs]
What is the matter with him?
[Jae-hak sighs]
This guy has no feelings at all.
You prick, you'd better come
to your senses before I beat you up.
[Ik-jun] Wait. What did you just say?